README.md, before:

# BRABRU026_FTC2301_GroupNaeem_BrandonBruyns_PF1
a simple digital resume for a ITW project submission

## description
a digital resume to be used in the application to tech industry jobs. its features a banner/hero at the top 
of the webpage, a simple navigation bar, a few sections detailing relevent skills and abillities and 
finally at the bottom a footer section featuring a form submission and contact links to my various platforms.

## getting started

### dependencies
* ensure that you have a browser installed on your device (mobile, tablet, laptop or PC) that can load webpages
* have the latest version of your operating system and browser installed to insure no errors occurs when loading the webpage.

### executing program
* find the index.html file in the folder and left click to open
* download the github repositiory.
* find the downloaded folder on your pc or open directly from the downloads tab in your browser

## help
* no known issues as of date publishing

## authors
* Brandon Bruyns
[brandon.bruyns7@gmail.com](gmail)
[067 676 7159](mobile number/ watsapp)

## language written in 
* HTML 
* CSS

# license
this project is licensed under [BRABRU026_FTC2301_GroupNaeem_BrandonBruyns_PF1] license.

## acknowledgements

Commit message:

added figma link to readme.md file

README.md, after:

# BRABRU026_FTC2301_GroupNaeem_BrandonBruyns_PF1
a simple digital resume for a ITW project submission

## description
a digital resume to be used in the application to tech industry jobs. its features a banner/hero at the top 
of the webpage, a simple navigation bar, a few sections detailing relevent skills and abillities and 
finally at the bottom a footer section featuring a form submission and contact links to my various platforms.

## figma design brief/wireframe 
https://www.figma.com/file/oBhVbuFDSKYnVt5Z7rc3QE/BRABRU026_FTC2301_GroupNaeem_BrandonBruyns_PF1-(Copy)?node-id=101%3A4&t=GUiRffIsiw9n5l8Q-1
* set to public and should be viewable by all with the link.

## getting started

### dependencies
* ensure that you have a browser installed on your device (mobile, tablet, laptop or PC) that can load webpages
* have the latest version of your operating system and browser installed to insure no errors occurs when loading the webpage.

### executing program
* find the index.html file in the folder and left click to open
* download the github repositiory.
* find the downloaded folder on your pc or open directly from the downloads tab in your browser

## help
* no known issues as of date publishing

## authors
* Brandon Bruyns
[brandon.bruyns7@gmail.com](gmail)
[067 676 7159](mobile number/ watsapp)

## language written in 
* HTML 
* CSS

# license
this project is licensed under [BRABRU026_FTC2301_GroupNaeem_BrandonBruyns_PF1] license.

## acknowledgements
